Suddenly accompanied,
Because the five-star military medal is given to me,
Don’t laugh after taking the photo,
You actually sent my father to help me eat,
Give it to you,
It's just a dream, let's try this.
No one here can do anything for a living,
Say no, say no, say no, say no, say no,
Say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no,
Say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no , say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no, say no
Yes, yes, yes, yes, my wife is okay, hang in there
Go up with his hand
I didn't mention where my son came from.
You are
Dogs with shit attached to them have no property
Give us where it is
Still in doggy doggy
You look like us, we, we, we, don’t you laugh?
That McAsian color
Just be me
We, we, we, you are dead
Why do you usually fight to death when the wind blows?
What do you usually do?
Nonsense
What do you have yourself
But dog, dog, dog, dog, you are just okay with this.